bye ladies gentlemen and ladies vincent m welcome to the dm news and uneven
with the door to fall in house and we a nice announcement
names 4 comes out on August 23rd
linked to this stated the creators of the game
and as you can see on that screen NATO then it already looks pretty cool
but the collision is four areas that have been fruit to cd since that
namely, the mere they come in and as is to know a strip it is always
A bit of a strange game has always been over the top eczema
but with a large share you also have to beat the villages around zombies
kill at the television must work it's unbelievable how weird how
simple 3 that has confirmed
DSB was incredibly cool so I really didn't wait for 4 and late signs
are all watching this to parents jerry lee what they have announced so
to release the first images according to a strip of the celebrates
it is certainly not childish in the meantime it is always one
deep striker certainly not
we are going to get something new namely the us and the four-wheelers one
video game and it will rely on the first five parts we all know that
claims that are based on films often do not do very well
We often play an incredibly bad shame later hope that this one
game
that has not
it is always something exciting, the mix between maybe gives yes and
not for speed or something
yes I say something or burn out maybe also a very nice recommendation but
I have that it is not I want to leave monotonous that there is also more to it
than a medical one and that is of course the intention
of such a thing
to make it nice and innovative and fears Alanya
our last item
is about five choking finds offer more than ten days this game comes in
stores
and I didn't really have to wait until this game was already in my hands
ends up
therefore, and the makers have
small video brought online
small video
we will now look at thirty seconds
Closing the collapse but scattering says people listen like you
dycker and fiction it from this game
the playfulness does not get rid of it under water but from leaks in the air
an entire city
what path
some lit up some
I said that it is also to fix the buildings
but because of those those buildings stay up
this game offers
so the violin exciting
it is not only if you have to but it is also a bit and then only
it is also just actually
action voltage
you come in
certain areas rightly so but you think of it
what should i do now it is incredible
I want to play before this time
the doors are open again this week
cool videos uploaded to a performance
and of course it is important that we do not dwell on that
namely the spotlight from jasper about i have a few tons of line and and strategies
by-molding
so no map how to use but just nice
Being able to play issue is also easily answered there
check it in the video we of course have a battle song from kingdom
linda from maikel made
this year eighty a song
and what is about the children
how can lead
also here we have not, we look reasonably recovered but it also
great to know we also agree
check five because it contains all the games in the picture
marketing
the viewer interview of milk is such a let see a number and also no members their
a little bit the four come to sabotage
always nice to watch
m yes it was this week so check those videos of sailing incredibly
and then we will start again next week
the number of fish new videos so think carefully subscribe to and lg and
it'll be fine I'll see you leave
3i group
it we sing
i think i am
it's simple
about this